docs/ui-components/ui-components.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Accessing your course material
nav_order: 3
has_children: false
permalink: /docs/ui-components
---

# Accessing your course material
{: .fs-9 .no_tox }
---
Now that you know how to navigate to your course itself, you may want to know how to access the material inside the course. This may seem straight forward; however, different courses have different ways of delivering their material. It can be delivered in live format, or a recorded format. If it's a live format, they may be hosting it in either Zoom or Bongo, both of which are useful for large conference calls and classrooms. If it's a recorded format, it may have been uploaded to the Learning Hub directly, or your instructor may have chosen to use YouTube instead. Be sure to contact your professor if you don't know which one they use.
{: .fs-3 .fw-300 }

It is important to know where to find each of these options, and this section will cover all of them. Soon, you will know where to find all of these options by heart.
{: .fs-3 .fw-300 }
---
## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta }

1. TOC
{:toc}
---
## First steps
---
Ensure that you are at the correct page for your class. Classes can potentially have both a lecture and a lab section, while others may be all in one section. Labs are typically used in the later half of the day, while lectures are used in the former, but there are exceptions, so I recommend taking a picture of your schedule to reference.

Your schedule can be found in "Check Course Schedule" at my.bcit.ca, where your sign in information is identical to your information at learn.bcit.ca.
```
Insert picture of "Check Course Schedule" from my.bcit.ca
```
---
## Bongo
---
1. Click on "Activities" in the task bar of your chosen class, found at the top of your page.
2. Click on "Virtual Classroom" in the menu that popped out from Activities
```
Insert image, or potentially GIF, of the activites button and the virtual classroom
```
3. Find the class with whatever time and date it is for you, and click on the arrow icon to the right of it.
```
Insert Bongo menu image, along with the arrow to be clicked
```
If you could not find a class at your current date and time, or if the virtual classroom menu is empty, then it is very likely that your class isn't scheduled for right now, or perhaps they use another form of delivering lectures. It's also possible that the lecture was canceled, or perhaps the wrong section was opened by mistake. Be sure to double check with your instructor if they have another method of providing classes.
4. Click "join" on the menu that pops up.
```
Insert Join Bongo screen
```
---
## Zoom
---
1. Locate the Zoom link. It may be found on the course home page, or it may be found in the contents section. If it is on the homepage, you will only need to click it, then click the "join" button on the page that pops up. Otherwise, move onto step 2.
```
Insert picture of Zoom link on course home page
```
2. Click on "Content" in the task bar of your class.
```
Insert picture of "Content" being clicked
```
3. Choose the slide that has the information for the Zoom link. If there are multiple slides to choose from, then it is likely the first one, but try them all if you can't find it.
```
Insert image of list of slides
```
4. Click on the Zoom link, then click the "join" button on the page that pops up.
```
Insert image of Zoom join link
```
If you could not find a Zoom link anywhere, then your instructor may not use Zoom, or perhaps the wrong section may have been selected on accident.
---
## Videos on Learning Hub
---
1. Click on "Content" in the task bar of your class.
```
Insert picture of "Content" being clicked
```

## Videos on YouTube
---

---

Commit message:

Video and YouTube instructions are finished

docs/ui-components/ui-components.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Accessing your course material
nav_order: 3
has_children: false
permalink: /docs/ui-components
---

# Accessing your course material
{: .fs-9 .no_tox }
---
Now that you know how to navigate to your course itself, you may want to know how to access the material inside the course. This may seem straight forward; however, different courses have different ways of delivering their material. It can be delivered in live format, or a recorded format. If it's a live format, they may be hosting it in either Zoom or Bongo, both of which are useful for large conference calls and classrooms. If it's a recorded format, it may have been uploaded to the Learning Hub directly, or your instructor may have chosen to use YouTube instead. Be sure to contact your professor if you don't know which one they use.
{: .fs-3 .fw-300 }

It is important to know where to find each of these options, and this section will cover all of them. Soon, you will know where to find all of these options by heart.
{: .fs-3 .fw-300 }
---
## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta }

1. TOC
{:toc}
---
## First steps
---
Ensure that you are at the correct page for your class. Classes can potentially have both a lecture and a lab section, while others may be all in one section. Labs are typically used in the later half of the day, while lectures are used in the former, but there are exceptions, so I recommend taking a picture of your schedule to reference.

Your schedule can be found in "Check Course Schedule" at my.bcit.ca, where your sign in information is identical to your information at learn.bcit.ca.
```
Insert picture of "Check Course Schedule" from my.bcit.ca
```
---
## Bongo
---
1. Click on "Activities" in the task bar of your chosen class, found at the top of your page.
2. Click on "Virtual Classroom" in the menu that popped out from Activities
```
Insert image, or potentially GIF, of the activites button and the virtual classroom
```
3. Find the class with whatever time and date it is for you, and click on the arrow icon to the right of it.
```
Insert Bongo menu image, along with the arrow to be clicked
```
If you could not find a class at your current date and time, or if the virtual classroom menu is empty, then it is very likely that your class isn't scheduled for right now, or perhaps they use another form of delivering lectures. It's also possible that the lecture was canceled, or perhaps the wrong section was opened by mistake. Be sure to double check with your instructor if they have another method of providing classes.
4. Click "join" on the menu that pops up.
```
Insert Join Bongo screen
```
---
## Zoom
---
1. Locate the Zoom link. It may be found on the course home page, or it may be found in the contents section. If it is on the homepage, you will only need to click it, then click the "join" button on the page that pops up. Otherwise, move onto step 2.
```
Insert picture of Zoom link on course home page
```
2. Click on "Content" in the task bar of your class.
```
Insert picture of "Content" being clicked
```
3. Choose the slide that has the information for the Zoom link. If there are multiple slides to choose from, then it is likely the first one, but try them all if you can't find it.
```
Insert image of list of slides
```
4. Click on the Zoom link, then click the "join" button on the page that pops up.
```
Insert image of Zoom join link
```
If you could not find a Zoom link anywhere, then your instructor may not use Zoom, or perhaps the wrong section may have been selected on accident.
---
## Videos on Learning Hub
---
1. Click on "Content" in the task bar of your class.
```
Insert picture of "Content" being clicked
```
2. Go to the folder that coresponds with whatever week you are searching for. Some courses also have a video folder instead. If so, look in there
```
Insert picture of "Week 13" folder or "Video" folder being clicked
```
3. Click on whatever video corresponds to whatever subject you need to learn.
```
Insert picture of a video link in a folder
```
If you could not find a video anywhere, then your instructor may not use videos, or perhaps the wrong section may have been selected on accident.
## Videos on YouTube
---
1. Click on "Content" in the task bar of your class.
```
Insert picture of "Content" being clicked
```
2. Go to the folder that coresponds with whatever week you are searching for. Some courses also have a video folder instead. If so, look in there
```
Insert picture of "Week 13" folder or "Video" folder being clicked
```
3. Click on whatever YouTube Link corresponds to whatever subject you need to learn. Some instructors may save a list of YouTube videos inside of a Google Doc instead.
```
Insert picture of a YouTube link in a folder
```
If you could not find a YouTube video anywhere, then your instructor may not use YouTube, or perhaps the wrong section may have been selected on accident.
---
