index.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Home
nav_order: 1
description: "Just the Docs is a responsive Jekyll theme with built-in search that is easily customizable and hosted on GitHub Pages."
permalink: /
---

# Introduction page
{: .fs-9 }
 ...

[Get started now](#getting-started){: .btn .btn-primary .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-2 } [View it on GitHub](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs){: .btn .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 }

---

## Getting started
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/hJRq6pA.png?raw=true">
### Software function

...

### Who is this for

...

1. Add Just the Docs to your Jekyll site's `_config.yml` as a [remote theme](https://blog.github.com/2017-11-29-use-any-theme-with-github-pages/)
```yaml
remote_theme: pmarsceill/just-the-docs
```
<small>You must have GitHub Pages enabled on your repo, one or more Markdown files, and a `_config.yml` file. [See an example repository](https://github.com/pmarsceill/jtd-remote)</small>

### Local installation: Use the gem-based theme

1. Install the Ruby Gem
```bash
$ gem install just-the-docs
```
```yaml
# .. or add it to your your Jekyll site’s Gemfile
gem "just-the-docs"
```
2. Add Just the Docs to your Jekyll site’s `_config.yml`
```yaml
theme: "just-the-docs"
```
3. _Optional:_ Initialize search data (creates `search-data.json`)
```bash
$ bundle exec just-the-docs rake search:init
```
3. Run you local Jekyll server
```bash
$ jekyll serve
```
```bash
# .. or if you're using a Gemfile (bundler)
$ bundle exec jekyll serve
```
4. Point your web browser to [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000)

If you're hosting your site on GitHub Pages, [set up GitHub Pages and Jekyll locally](https://help.github.com/en/articles/setting-up-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll) so that you can more easily work in your development environment.

### Configure Just the Docs

- [See configuration options]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/configuration.md %})

---

## About the project

Just the Docs is &copy; 2017-{{ "now" | date: "%Y" }} by [Patrick Marsceill](http://patrickmarsceill.com).

### License

Just the Docs is distributed by an [MIT license](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs/tree/master/LICENSE.txt).

### Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. Read more about becoming a contributor in [our GitHub repo](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs#contributing).

#### Thank you to the contributors of Just the Docs!

<ul class="list-style-none">
{% for contributor in site.github.contributors %}
  <li class="d-inline-block mr-1">
     <a href="{{ contributor.html_url }}"><img src="{{ contributor.avatar_url }}" width="32" height="32" alt="{{ contributor.login }}"/></a>
  </li>
{% endfor %}
</ul>

### Code of Conduct

Just the Docs is committed to fostering a welcoming community.

[View our Code of Conduct](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs/tree/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) on our GitHub repository.

Commit message:

Updated introduction and Who is this for

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Home
nav_order: 1
description: "A guide for BCIT's class tool, Learning Hub."
permalink: /
---

# Introduction
{: .fs-9 }
---
The purpose of this document is to introduce incoming BCIT students to the basic functionalities of class tool, Learning Hub. 

Learning Hub is a multi-faceted environment where instructors will interact with students on a logistical level. This means students will be actively using this tool throughout their time at BCIT. This guide will give you the confidence to navigate and utilize the main functionalities of Learning Hub.

---

### Who is this for

This guide is for incoming BCIT students to learn the basic functionalities and purposes of the Learning Hub such as:
- finding course content
- accessing announcements and discussions
- accessing quizzes and exams
- submitting work such as assignments, quizzes, and exams
- finding grades and feedback of submitted work

Learning Hub is new to BCIT. This guide will hopefully get you up and running for your first day of class. Good luck! :) 

---

[Get started now](#getting-started){: .btn .btn-primary .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 .mr-2 } [View it on GitHub](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs){: .btn .fs-5 .mb-4 .mb-md-0 }

1. Add Just the Docs to your Jekyll site's `_config.yml` as a [remote theme](https://blog.github.com/2017-11-29-use-any-theme-with-github-pages/)
```yaml
remote_theme: pmarsceill/just-the-docs
```
<small>You must have GitHub Pages enabled on your repo, one or more Markdown files, and a `_config.yml` file. [See an example repository](https://github.com/pmarsceill/jtd-remote)</small>

### Local installation: Use the gem-based theme

1. Install the Ruby Gem
```bash
$ gem install just-the-docs
```
```yaml
# .. or add it to your your Jekyll site’s Gemfile
gem "just-the-docs"
```
2. Add Just the Docs to your Jekyll site’s `_config.yml`
```yaml
theme: "just-the-docs"
```
3. _Optional:_ Initialize search data (creates `search-data.json`)
```bash
$ bundle exec just-the-docs rake search:init
```
3. Run you local Jekyll server
```bash
$ jekyll serve
```
```bash
# .. or if you're using a Gemfile (bundler)
$ bundle exec jekyll serve
```
4. Point your web browser to [http://localhost:4000](http://localhost:4000)

If you're hosting your site on GitHub Pages, [set up GitHub Pages and Jekyll locally](https://help.github.com/en/articles/setting-up-your-github-pages-site-locally-with-jekyll) so that you can more easily work in your development environment.

### Configure Just the Docs

- [See configuration options]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/configuration.md %})

---

## About the project

Just the Docs is &copy; 2017-{{ "now" | date: "%Y" }} by [Patrick Marsceill](http://patrickmarsceill.com).

### License

Just the Docs is distributed by an [MIT license](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs/tree/master/LICENSE.txt).

### Contributing

When contributing to this repository, please first discuss the change you wish to make via issue,
email, or any other method with the owners of this repository before making a change. Read more about becoming a contributor in [our GitHub repo](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs#contributing).

#### Thank you to the contributors of Just the Docs!

<ul class="list-style-none">
{% for contributor in site.github.contributors %}
  <li class="d-inline-block mr-1">
     <a href="{{ contributor.html_url }}"><img src="{{ contributor.avatar_url }}" width="32" height="32" alt="{{ contributor.login }}"/></a>
  </li>
{% endfor %}
</ul>

### Code of Conduct

Just the Docs is committed to fostering a welcoming community.

[View our Code of Conduct](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs/tree/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) on our GitHub repository.
