docs/configuration.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Task 1
nav_order: 2
---

# Configuration
{: .no_toc }


Just the Docs has some specific configuration parameters that can be defined in your Jekyll site's _config.yml file.
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta }

1. TOC
{:toc}

---


View this site's [_config.yml](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs/tree/master/_config.yml) file as an example.


## Site logo

```yaml
# Set a path/url to a logo that will be displayed instead of the title
logo: "/assets/images/just-the-docs.png"
```

## Search

```yaml
# Enable or disable the site search
# Supports true (default) or false
search_enabled: true

search:
  # Split pages into sections that can be searched individually
  # Supports 1 - 6, default: 2
  heading_level: 2
  # Maximum amount of previews per search result
  # Default: 3
  previews: 3
  # Maximum amount of words to display before a matched word in the preview
  # Default: 5
  preview_words_before: 5
  # Maximum amount of words to display after a matched word in the preview
  # Default: 10
  preview_words_after: 10
  # Set the search token separator
  # Default: /[\s\-/]+/
  # Example: enable support for hyphenated search words
  tokenizer_separator: /[\s/]+/
  # Display the relative url in search results
  # Supports true (default) or false
  rel_url: true
  # Enable or disable the search button that appears in the bottom right corner of every page
  # Supports true or false (default)
  button: false
```

## Aux links

```yaml
# Aux links for the upper right navigation
aux_links:
  "Just the Docs on GitHub":
    - "//github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs"

# Makes Aux links open in a new tab. Default is false
aux_links_new_tab: false
```

## Heading anchor links

```yaml
# Heading anchor links appear on hover over h1-h6 tags in page content
# allowing users to deep link to a particular heading on a page.
#
# Supports true (default) or false
heading_anchors: true
```

## Footer content

```yaml
# Footer content
# appears at the bottom of every page's main content
# Note: The footer_content option is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release. Please use `_includes/footer_custom.html` for more robust
markup / liquid-based content.
footer_content: "Copyright &copy; 2017-2020 Patrick Marsceill. Distributed by an <a href=\"https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs/tree/master/LICENSE.txt\">MIT license.</a>"

# Footer last edited timestamp
last_edit_timestamp: true # show or hide edit time - page must have `last_modified_date` defined in the frontmatter
last_edit_time_format: "%b %e %Y at %I:%M %p" # uses ruby's time format: https://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.7.0/libdoc/time/rdoc/Time.html

# Footer "Edit this page on GitHub" link text
gh_edit_link: true # show or hide edit this page link
gh_edit_link_text: "Edit this page on GitHub."
gh_edit_repository: "https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs" # the github URL for your repo
gh_edit_branch: "master" # the branch that your docs is served from
# gh_edit_source: docs # the source that your files originate from
gh_edit_view_mode: "tree" # "tree" or "edit" if you want the user to jump into the editor immediately
```

_note: `footer_content` is deprecated, but still supported. For a better experience we have moved this into an include called `_includes/footer_custom.html` which will allow for robust markup / liquid-based content._

- the "page last modified" data will only display if a page has a key called `last_modified_date`, formatted in some readable date format
- `last_edit_time_format` uses Ruby's DateTime formatter; see examples and more information [at this link.](https://apidock.com/ruby/DateTime/strftime)
- `gh_edit_repository` is the URL of the project's GitHub repository
- `gh_edit_branch` is the branch that the docs site is served from; defaults to `master`
- `gh_edit_source` is the source directory that your project files are stored in (should be the same as [site.source](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/configuration/options/))
- `gh_edit_view_mode` is `"tree"` by default, which brings the user to the github page; switch to `"edit"` to bring the user directly into editing mode

## Color scheme

```yaml
# Color scheme supports "light" (default) and "dark"
color_scheme: dark
```
<button class="btn js-toggle-dark-mode">Preview dark color scheme</button>

<script>
const toggleDarkMode = document.querySelector('.js-toggle-dark-mode');

jtd.addEvent(toggleDarkMode, 'click', function(){
  if (jtd.getTheme() === 'dark') {
    jtd.setTheme('light');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Preview dark color scheme';
  } else {
    jtd.setTheme('dark');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Return to the light side';
  }
});
</script>

See [Customization]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/customization.md %}) for more information.

## Google Analytics

```yaml
# Google Analytics Tracking (optional)
# e.g, UA-1234567-89
ga_tracking: UA-5555555-55
ga_tracking_anonymize_ip: true # Use GDPR compliant Google Analytics settings (true by default)
```

## Document collections

By default, the navigation and search include normal [pages](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/pages/).
Instead, you can also use [Jekyll collections](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/collections/) which group documents semantically together.

For example, put all your documentation files in the `_docs` folder and create the `docs` collection:
```yaml
# Define Jekyll collections
collections:
  # Define a collection named "docs", its documents reside in the "_docs" directory
  docs:
    permalink: "/:collection/:path/"
    output: true

just_the_docs:
  # Define which collections are used in just-the-docs
  collections:
    # Reference the "docs" collection
    docs:
      # Give the collection a name
      name: Documentation
      # Exclude the collection from the navigation
      # Supports true or false (default)
      nav_exclude: false
      # Exclude the collection from the search
      # Supports true or false (default)
      search_exclude: false
```

You can reference multiple collections.
This creates categories in the navigation with the configured names.
```yaml
collections:
  docs:
    permalink: "/:collection/:path/"
    output: true
  tutorials:
    permalink: "/:collection/:path/"
    output: true

just_the_docs:
  collections:
    docs:
      name: Documentation
    tutorials:
      name: Tutorials
```

Commit message:

Added Home Page Navigation intro

docs/configuration.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Task 1
nav_order: 2
---

# Home Page Navigation
{: .no_toc }


When you log on to the learning hub for the first time, you will be greeted with the homepage,
it may seem overwhelming at first, but here you will learn to properly navigate it.
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta }

1. TOC
{:toc}

---


View this site's [_config.yml](https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs/tree/master/_config.yml) file as an example.


## Site logo

```yaml
# Set a path/url to a logo that will be displayed instead of the title
logo: "/assets/images/just-the-docs.png"
```

## Search

```yaml
# Enable or disable the site search
# Supports true (default) or false
search_enabled: true

search:
  # Split pages into sections that can be searched individually
  # Supports 1 - 6, default: 2
  heading_level: 2
  # Maximum amount of previews per search result
  # Default: 3
  previews: 3
  # Maximum amount of words to display before a matched word in the preview
  # Default: 5
  preview_words_before: 5
  # Maximum amount of words to display after a matched word in the preview
  # Default: 10
  preview_words_after: 10
  # Set the search token separator
  # Default: /[\s\-/]+/
  # Example: enable support for hyphenated search words
  tokenizer_separator: /[\s/]+/
  # Display the relative url in search results
  # Supports true (default) or false
  rel_url: true
  # Enable or disable the search button that appears in the bottom right corner of every page
  # Supports true or false (default)
  button: false
```

## Aux links

```yaml
# Aux links for the upper right navigation
aux_links:
  "Just the Docs on GitHub":
    - "//github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs"

# Makes Aux links open in a new tab. Default is false
aux_links_new_tab: false
```

## Heading anchor links

```yaml
# Heading anchor links appear on hover over h1-h6 tags in page content
# allowing users to deep link to a particular heading on a page.
#
# Supports true (default) or false
heading_anchors: true
```

## Footer content

```yaml
# Footer content
# appears at the bottom of every page's main content
# Note: The footer_content option is deprecated and will be removed in a future major release. Please use `_includes/footer_custom.html` for more robust
markup / liquid-based content.
footer_content: "Copyright &copy; 2017-2020 Patrick Marsceill. Distributed by an <a href=\"https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs/tree/master/LICENSE.txt\">MIT license.</a>"

# Footer last edited timestamp
last_edit_timestamp: true # show or hide edit time - page must have `last_modified_date` defined in the frontmatter
last_edit_time_format: "%b %e %Y at %I:%M %p" # uses ruby's time format: https://ruby-doc.org/stdlib-2.7.0/libdoc/time/rdoc/Time.html

# Footer "Edit this page on GitHub" link text
gh_edit_link: true # show or hide edit this page link
gh_edit_link_text: "Edit this page on GitHub."
gh_edit_repository: "https://github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs" # the github URL for your repo
gh_edit_branch: "master" # the branch that your docs is served from
# gh_edit_source: docs # the source that your files originate from
gh_edit_view_mode: "tree" # "tree" or "edit" if you want the user to jump into the editor immediately
```

_note: `footer_content` is deprecated, but still supported. For a better experience we have moved this into an include called `_includes/footer_custom.html` which will allow for robust markup / liquid-based content._

- the "page last modified" data will only display if a page has a key called `last_modified_date`, formatted in some readable date format
- `last_edit_time_format` uses Ruby's DateTime formatter; see examples and more information [at this link.](https://apidock.com/ruby/DateTime/strftime)
- `gh_edit_repository` is the URL of the project's GitHub repository
- `gh_edit_branch` is the branch that the docs site is served from; defaults to `master`
- `gh_edit_source` is the source directory that your project files are stored in (should be the same as [site.source](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/configuration/options/))
- `gh_edit_view_mode` is `"tree"` by default, which brings the user to the github page; switch to `"edit"` to bring the user directly into editing mode

## Color scheme

```yaml
# Color scheme supports "light" (default) and "dark"
color_scheme: dark
```
<button class="btn js-toggle-dark-mode">Preview dark color scheme</button>

<script>
const toggleDarkMode = document.querySelector('.js-toggle-dark-mode');

jtd.addEvent(toggleDarkMode, 'click', function(){
  if (jtd.getTheme() === 'dark') {
    jtd.setTheme('light');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Preview dark color scheme';
  } else {
    jtd.setTheme('dark');
    toggleDarkMode.textContent = 'Return to the light side';
  }
});
</script>

See [Customization]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/customization.md %}) for more information.

## Google Analytics

```yaml
# Google Analytics Tracking (optional)
# e.g, UA-1234567-89
ga_tracking: UA-5555555-55
ga_tracking_anonymize_ip: true # Use GDPR compliant Google Analytics settings (true by default)
```

## Document collections

By default, the navigation and search include normal [pages](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/pages/).
Instead, you can also use [Jekyll collections](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/collections/) which group documents semantically together.

For example, put all your documentation files in the `_docs` folder and create the `docs` collection:
```yaml
# Define Jekyll collections
collections:
  # Define a collection named "docs", its documents reside in the "_docs" directory
  docs:
    permalink: "/:collection/:path/"
    output: true

just_the_docs:
  # Define which collections are used in just-the-docs
  collections:
    # Reference the "docs" collection
    docs:
      # Give the collection a name
      name: Documentation
      # Exclude the collection from the navigation
      # Supports true or false (default)
      nav_exclude: false
      # Exclude the collection from the search
      # Supports true or false (default)
      search_exclude: false
```

You can reference multiple collections.
This creates categories in the navigation with the configured names.
```yaml
collections:
  docs:
    permalink: "/:collection/:path/"
    output: true
  tutorials:
    permalink: "/:collection/:path/"
    output: true

just_the_docs:
  collections:
    docs:
      name: Documentation
    tutorials:
      name: Tutorials
```
