docs/navigation-structure.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Task 4
nav_order: 5
---

# Navigation Structure
{: .no_toc }

<details open markdown="block">
  <summary>
    Table of contents
  </summary>
  {: .text-delta }
1. TOC
{:toc}
</details>

---

## Main navigation

The main navigation for your Just the Docs site is on the left side of the page at large screens and on the top (behind a tap) on small screens. The main navigation can be structured to accommodate a multi-level menu system (pages with children and grandchildren).

By default, all pages will appear as top level pages in the main nav unless a parent page is defined (see [Pages with Children](#pages-with-children)).

---

## Ordering pages

To specify a page order, you can use the `nav_order` parameter in your pages' YAML front matter.

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```yaml
---
layout: default
title: Customization
nav_order: 4
---
```

The parameter values determine the order of the top-level pages, and of child pages with the same parent. You can reuse the same parameter values (e.g., integers starting from 1) for the child pages of different parents.

The parameter values can be numbers (integers, floats) and/or strings. When you omit `nav_order` parameters, they default to the titles of the pages, which are ordered alphabetically. Pages with numerical `nav_order` parameters always come before those with strings or default `nav_order` parameters. If you want to make the page order independent of the page titles, you can set explicit `nav_order` parameters on all pages.

By default, all Capital letters come before all lowercase letters; you can add `nav_sort: case_insensitive` in the configuration file to ignore the case. Enclosing strings in quotation marks is optional.

> *Note for users of previous versions:* `nav_sort: case_insensitive` previously affected the ordering of numerical `nav_order` parameters: e.g., `10` came before `2`. Also, all pages with explicit `nav_order` parameters previously came before all pages with default parameters. Both were potentially confusing, and they have now been eliminated. 

---

## Excluding pages

For specific pages that you do not wish to include in the main navigation, e.g. a 404 page or a landing page, use the `nav_exclude: true` parameter in the YAML front matter for that page.

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```yaml
---
layout: default
title: 404
nav_exclude: true
---
```

The `nav_exclude` parameter does not affect the [auto-generating list of child pages](#auto-generating-table-of-contents), which you can use to access pages excluded from the main navigation.

Pages with no `title` are automatically excluded from the navigation. 

---

## Pages with children

Sometimes you will want to create a page with many children (a section). First, it is recommended that you keep pages that are related in a directory together... For example, in these docs, we keep all of the written documentation in the `./docs` directory and each of the sections in subdirectories like `./docs/ui-components` and `./docs/utilities`. This gives us an organization like:

```
+-- ..
|-- (Jekyll files)
|
|-- docs
|   |-- ui-components
|   |   |-- index.md  (parent page)
|   |   |-- buttons.md
|   |   |-- code.md
|   |   |-- labels.md
|   |   |-- tables.md
|   |   +-- typography.md
|   |
|   |-- utilities
|   |   |-- index.md      (parent page)
|   |   |-- color.md
|   |   |-- layout.md
|   |   |-- responsive-modifiers.md
|   |   +-- typography.md
|   |
|   |-- (other md files, pages with no children)
|   +-- ..
|
|-- (Jekyll files)
+-- ..
```

On the parent pages, add this YAML front matter parameter:
-  `has_children: true` (tells us that this is a parent page)

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```yaml
---
layout: default
title: UI Components
nav_order: 2
has_children: true
---
```

Here we're setting up the UI Components landing page that is available at `/docs/ui-components`, which has children and is ordered second in the main nav.

### Child pages
{: .text-gamma }

On child pages, simply set the `parent:` YAML front matter to whatever the parent's page title is and set a nav order (this number is now scoped within the section).

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```yaml
---
layout: default
title: Buttons
parent: UI Components
nav_order: 2
---
```

The Buttons page appears as a child of UI Components and appears second in the UI Components section.

### Auto-generating Table of Contents

By default, all pages with children will automatically append a Table of Contents which lists the child pages after the parent page's content. To disable this auto Table of Contents, set `has_toc: false` in the parent page's YAML front matter.

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```yaml
---
layout: default
title: UI Components
nav_order: 2
has_children: true
has_toc: false
---
```

### Children with children
{: .text-gamma }

Child pages can also have children (grandchildren). This is achieved by using a similar pattern on the child and grandchild pages.

1. Add the `has_children` attribute to the child
1. Add the `parent` and `grand_parent` attribute to the grandchild

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```yaml
---
layout: default
title: Buttons
parent: UI Components
nav_order: 2
has_children: true
---
```

```yaml
---
layout: default
title: Buttons Child Page
parent: Buttons
grand_parent: UI Components
nav_order: 1
---
```

This would create the following navigation structure:

```
+-- ..
|
|-- UI Components
|   |-- ..
|   |
|   |-- Buttons
|   |   |-- Button Child Page
|   |
|   |-- ..
|
+-- ..
```

---

## Auxiliary Links

To add auxiliary links to your site (in the upper right on all pages), add it to the `aux_links` [configuration option]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/configuration.md %}#aux-links) in your site's `_config.yml` file.

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```yaml
# Aux links for the upper right navigation
aux_links:
  "Just the Docs on GitHub":
    - "//github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs"
```

---

## In-page navigation with Table of Contents

To generate a Table of Contents on your docs pages, you can use the `{:toc}` method from Kramdown, immediately after an `<ol>` in Markdown. This will automatically generate an ordered list of anchor links to various sections of the page based on headings and heading levels. There may be occasions where you're using a heading and you don't want it to show up in the TOC, so to skip a particular heading use the `{: .no_toc }` CSS class.

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```markdown
# Navigation Structure
{: .no_toc }

## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta }

1. TOC
{:toc}
```

This example skips the page name heading (`#`) from the TOC, as well as the heading for the Table of Contents itself (`##`) because it is redundant, followed by the table of contents itself. To get an unordered list, replace  `1. TOC` above by `- TOC`.

### Collapsible Table of Contents

The Table of Contents can be made collapsible using the `<details>` and `<summary>` elements , as in the following example. The attribute `open` (expands the Table of Contents by default) and the styling with `{: .text-delta }` are optional.

```markdown
<details open markdown="block">
  <summary>
    Table of contents
  </summary>
  {: .text-delta }
1. TOC
{:toc}
</details>
```

The result is shown at [the top of this page](#navigation-structure) (`{:toc}` can be used only once on each page).

Commit message:

added nav bar image to introduction section

docs/navigation-structure.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Activities
nav_order: 5
---

# Navigation Structure
{: .no_toc }

<details open markdown="block">
  <summary>
    Table of contents
  </summary>
  {: .text-delta }
1. TOC
{:toc}
</details>

---

## Introduction

The Activities section will cover the important categories in D2L's Activities tab: Assignments, Quizzes, and Virtual Classroom. These are the most common activities used by instructors. Although they may be simple once familiar, knowing what to do and how to do it will be an important part of your preparation for your program.
![D2L navigation bar with activities highlighted](https://github.com/Andrew-Smirnoff/Business-Comm-assignment/blob/7baad08d19d1f93c3f2dd1ab6c35f1f5082fcd40/assets/images/activities-d2l-nav-bar.png)
---

## Assignments

To specify a page order, you can use the `nav_order` parameter in your pages' YAML front matter.

### Written work

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```yaml
---
layout: default
title: Customization
nav_order: 4
---
```

The parameter values determine the order of the top-level pages, and of child pages with the same parent. You can reuse the same parameter values (e.g., integers starting from 1) for the child pages of different parents.

The parameter values can be numbers (integers, floats) and/or strings. When you omit `nav_order` parameters, they default to the titles of the pages, which are ordered alphabetically. Pages with numerical `nav_order` parameters always come before those with strings or default `nav_order` parameters. If you want to make the page order independent of the page titles, you can set explicit `nav_order` parameters on all pages.

By default, all Capital letters come before all lowercase letters; you can add `nav_sort: case_insensitive` in the configuration file to ignore the case. Enclosing strings in quotation marks is optional.

> *Note for users of previous versions:* `nav_sort: case_insensitive` previously affected the ordering of numerical `nav_order` parameters: e.g., `10` came before `2`. Also, all pages with explicit `nav_order` parameters previously came before all pages with default parameters. Both were potentially confusing, and they have now been eliminated. 

---

## Excluding pages

For specific pages that you do not wish to include in the main navigation, e.g. a 404 page or a landing page, use the `nav_exclude: true` parameter in the YAML front matter for that page.

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```yaml
---
layout: default
title: 404
nav_exclude: true
---
```

The `nav_exclude` parameter does not affect the [auto-generating list of child pages](#auto-generating-table-of-contents), which you can use to access pages excluded from the main navigation.

Pages with no `title` are automatically excluded from the navigation. 

---

## Pages with children

Sometimes you will want to create a page with many children (a section). First, it is recommended that you keep pages that are related in a directory together... For example, in these docs, we keep all of the written documentation in the `./docs` directory and each of the sections in subdirectories like `./docs/ui-components` and `./docs/utilities`. This gives us an organization like:

```
+-- ..
|-- (Jekyll files)
|
|-- docs
|   |-- ui-components
|   |   |-- index.md  (parent page)
|   |   |-- buttons.md
|   |   |-- code.md
|   |   |-- labels.md
|   |   |-- tables.md
|   |   +-- typography.md
|   |
|   |-- utilities
|   |   |-- index.md      (parent page)
|   |   |-- color.md
|   |   |-- layout.md
|   |   |-- responsive-modifiers.md
|   |   +-- typography.md
|   |
|   |-- (other md files, pages with no children)
|   +-- ..
|
|-- (Jekyll files)
+-- ..
```

On the parent pages, add this YAML front matter parameter:
-  `has_children: true` (tells us that this is a parent page)

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```yaml
---
layout: default
title: UI Components
nav_order: 2
has_children: true
---
```

Here we're setting up the UI Components landing page that is available at `/docs/ui-components`, which has children and is ordered second in the main nav.

### Child pages
{: .text-gamma }

On child pages, simply set the `parent:` YAML front matter to whatever the parent's page title is and set a nav order (this number is now scoped within the section).

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```yaml
---
layout: default
title: Buttons
parent: UI Components
nav_order: 2
---
```

The Buttons page appears as a child of UI Components and appears second in the UI Components section.

### Auto-generating Table of Contents

By default, all pages with children will automatically append a Table of Contents which lists the child pages after the parent page's content. To disable this auto Table of Contents, set `has_toc: false` in the parent page's YAML front matter.

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```yaml
---
layout: default
title: UI Components
nav_order: 2
has_children: true
has_toc: false
---
```

### Children with children
{: .text-gamma }

Child pages can also have children (grandchildren). This is achieved by using a similar pattern on the child and grandchild pages.

1. Add the `has_children` attribute to the child
1. Add the `parent` and `grand_parent` attribute to the grandchild

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```yaml
---
layout: default
title: Buttons
parent: UI Components
nav_order: 2
has_children: true
---
```

```yaml
---
layout: default
title: Buttons Child Page
parent: Buttons
grand_parent: UI Components
nav_order: 1
---
```

This would create the following navigation structure:

```
+-- ..
|
|-- UI Components
|   |-- ..
|   |
|   |-- Buttons
|   |   |-- Button Child Page
|   |
|   |-- ..
|
+-- ..
```

---

## Auxiliary Links

To add auxiliary links to your site (in the upper right on all pages), add it to the `aux_links` [configuration option]({{ site.baseurl }}{% link docs/configuration.md %}#aux-links) in your site's `_config.yml` file.

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```yaml
# Aux links for the upper right navigation
aux_links:
  "Just the Docs on GitHub":
    - "//github.com/pmarsceill/just-the-docs"
```

---

## In-page navigation with Table of Contents

To generate a Table of Contents on your docs pages, you can use the `{:toc}` method from Kramdown, immediately after an `<ol>` in Markdown. This will automatically generate an ordered list of anchor links to various sections of the page based on headings and heading levels. There may be occasions where you're using a heading and you don't want it to show up in the TOC, so to skip a particular heading use the `{: .no_toc }` CSS class.

#### Example
{: .no_toc }

```markdown
# Navigation Structure
{: .no_toc }

## Table of contents
{: .no_toc .text-delta }

1. TOC
{:toc}
```

This example skips the page name heading (`#`) from the TOC, as well as the heading for the Table of Contents itself (`##`) because it is redundant, followed by the table of contents itself. To get an unordered list, replace  `1. TOC` above by `- TOC`.

### Collapsible Table of Contents

The Table of Contents can be made collapsible using the `<details>` and `<summary>` elements , as in the following example. The attribute `open` (expands the Table of Contents by default) and the styling with `{: .text-delta }` are optional.

```markdown
<details open markdown="block">
  <summary>
    Table of contents
  </summary>
  {: .text-delta }
1. TOC
{:toc}
</details>
```

The result is shown at [the top of this page](#navigation-structure) (`{:toc}` can be used only once on each page).
